chore: Changelogs and breaking changes for 3.6 (#6939)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

## 3.6.0.0
**Release Date** 02/12/2024

### Breaking changes and deprecations

* To avoid ambiguity with other Wasm-related `nginx.conf` directives, the prefix for Wasm `shm_kv` nginx.conf directives was changed from `nginx_wasm_shm_` to `nginx_wasm_shm_kv_`
 [#11919](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/11919)

* The listing endpoints for consumer groups (`/consumer_groups`) and consumers (`/consumers`) now respond
  with paginated results. The JSON key for the list has been changed to `data` instead of `consumer_groups`
  or `consumers`.

* In OpenSSL 3.2, the default SSL/TLS security level has been changed from 1 to 2.
  This means the security level is set to 112 bits of security. 
  As a result, the following are prohibited:
    * RSA, DSA, and DH keys shorter than 2048 bits
    * ECC keys shorter than 224 bits
    * Any cipher suite using RC4
    * SSL version 3
  Additionally, compression is disabled.

* The recent OpenResty bump includes TLS 1.3 and deprecates TLS 1.1. 
If you still need to still support TLS 1.1, set the [`ssl_cipher_suite`](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#ssl_cipher_suite) setting to `old`.

> * If you are using `ngx.var.http_*` in custom code in order to access HTTP headers, the behavior of that variable changed slightly when the same header is used multiple times in a single request. Previously it would return the first value only, now it returns all the values, separated by commas. Kong's PDK header getters and setters work as before.

Author: We shouldn't use variables in the changelog, as it's a snapshot in time.

> * If you are using `ngx.var.http_*` in custom code in order to access HTTP headers, the behavior of that variable changed slightly when the same header is used multiple times in a single request. Previously it would return the first value only, now it returns all the values, separated by commas. Kong's PDK header getters and setters work as before.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you are using `ngx.var.http_*` in custom code to access HTTP headers, the behavior of that variable changes slightly when the same header is used multiple times in a single request. 
Previously, it would return the first value only; now it returns all of the values, separated by commas. Kong Gateway's PDK header getters and setters work as before.
```

Previously, they shared the same validation schema, so admins could configure expressions
routes using fields like `http.path` even for stream routes. This is no longer allowed.
 [#11914](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/11914)
* Kong Gateway now validates private and public keys for the `keys` entity to ensure they match each other.
 [#11923](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/11923)
* Fixed the `previous plan already attached` error in `proxy-wasm`, which occurred when a filter triggered re-entrancy of the access handler.
 [#12452](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/12452)
* Fixed an RBAC issue which required adding missing endpoints to all workspaces.
* Dismissed a confusing debug log entry from the Redis rate limiting tool.
* Fixed an issue where workload identity didn't work for dataplane resilience.
* Fixed an issue where the GCP backend vault would hide the error message when secrets couldn't be fetched.
* Added the missing `workspace_id` to the output of request debugging when using a filter.
* Fixed an issue where the IAM auth token was not refreshed when the underlying AWS credential expired.

> * Print Redis's `timeout` warning message only if the timeout is set explicitly, and use the default timeout value if it isn't set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Redis's `timeout` warning message is only printed if the timeout is set explicitly, and use the default timeout value if it isn't set.
```
